Now you have to enter your mobile number here and click on the gate OTP.
Then an OTP will be sent to your mobile number here.
What to do with that OTP, put it in it.
As soon as we fill up the OTP, it will automatically redirect it and take it forward.
And here it is giving us the option to select our email id.
So whichever email id you want to make your 5paisa app from, what to do with that email id, you have to select it from here.
You can see all the names in your email id.
If your name is correct then it is fine.
If your name is wrong then remove the name and put the correct name in it.
By looking at your Aadhar card or PAN card.
Then what you have to do is come down and see here.
There is a small box here.
Click on it and then click on fetch my PAN details.
Now see here, your PAN card number is asking for you.
Enter your PAN card number.
As soon as you enter the PAN card number, the name will come automatically.
Enter your date of birth.
Click on Continue.
The address will be automatically displayed.
Click on the above address to continue.
Now you have to link your bank account There are two options for link One is to pay 1 rupee per month through UPI
The other is to link manually.
Click on the link and you can link manually.
You have to select UPI link through UPI.
Click on the proceed option.
Once you click on it, all the UPI's will be launched.
You have to select anyone and pay a simple one rupee.
Your bank account will be linked directly.
As soon as you complete the payment, your bank account will be successfully added.
Then the next step will come.
What to do here, see, it is asking about disability.
So what you have to do is close it.
Click on close, it will be closed.
And this type of option will open and come.
Now it is asking you to select your gender from here.
Marital status is asking.
If you are married, then you have not been married, then you have to select unmarried and do next.
Now here you are being asked what work you do in the private sector.
Government service, professional, housewife, any other work, student, retired, any business you have, whatever you are, you can select from it.
Select the source of income Active
Click on submit option.
Now click on selfie option.
Click on selfie option.
After clicking the selfie, you will upload the video.
After that, your screen will be like this.
Now you have to do the signature here.
Just like you do signature with your finger, draw the signature here.
After drawing the signature, click on the save option here.
Signature is simple, you have to do it with your finger.
Just like you do signature, do your signature like this.
After doing the signature, click on save when the signature is correct.
If the signature is wrong, click on redraw and the signature will be deleted.
Now the next step is open.
Now we have to come down.
Do nothing, just click on continue.
Now this step is the final step We just need to complete the e Our account will open successfully
To complete the e-sign, click on the procedure to aadhar e-sign.
Then click on the procedure to aadhar e-sign.
As you can see little detail is displayed here.
If you want to read details, you can do it position of cameras.
After everything is typed, click on the sign in document.
Thank you for watching
Here you can live zoom in screen.
And click the add tab option
STEP 03 Aunt work on the channel
Click on the Aadhar card number and click on send OTP.
Then click on the OTP number on the mobile number linked to your Aadhar card.
After clicking on verify OTP, our account will be successfully opened.
E-sign completed.
Our account has successfully opened.
Click on Continue.
Congratulations is written here.
As soon as we click on the Go to Home page, we will be logged in directly.